# ECE191_UCSDWI23_FSR
  This is the git page (https://github.com/BernabeJeffrey/ECE191_UCSDWI23_FSR.git) of our Winter 2023 ECE 191 Porject from UCSD. This page contains all the code that were developed and used for our prototype device. Here is a brief description of our prototype: The goal of this project is to make an inflatable device that rests between the patient’s chest and the tube. 
  
  The device contains two sensors: a force pressure sensor and an air pressure sensor. The force pressure sensor is placed on the patient’s neck near the incision site for the tracheostomy to detect how much pressure is exerted on the patient’s skin. The air pressure sensor detects the pressure of the inflatable devices, which is a silicon balloon with the motor and pump which inflate or deflate it.  In this case, the device is completely self sufficient, which means it does not require a nurse or doctor to constantly adjust the devices. When the force sensor detects high pressure on the patient's neck, the balloon will be inflated to relieve the pressure exerted on the patient’s skin. As a result, this device will significantly reduce the bruising, formation of pressure ulcers, and other side effects that patients experience to provide them with a better surgical experience and recovery time. If the device does not function properly, there is also an emergency alarm which is composed of LEDs and buffers to notify the doctor and nurse when the pressure detected is too high or too low. Moreover, if the doctor wants to deflate the balloon, they can push the button in the control unit, which switches the devices to deflate mode and deflates the balloon automatically. 
In this quarter, we specifically targeted 3 areas to improve this project. First, we aim to reduce the size of the original prototype because it was made by breadboard and bulky. In order to achieve our goal, we choose to design a PCB for the FSR circuit and redesign the enclosure to fit in the whole circuit. Moreover, we need to add the mobile battery unit to this medical device. The prototype that the original group made requires the power supplies from the computer to keep functioning. In order to solve this problem, we choose the battery holder which holds 3 AA batteries, which ideally can support 30-40 hrs working time for the device. Last but not least, we created the wireless communication module for the devices. For this purpose, we switched the microcontroller unit from Ardiuno to ESP32. ESP32 allows the communication between microcontrollers, which can receive or transmit the signals from the other microcontroller. In the future, people can design a central control unit which is placed in hospitals to control and detect the motion of each individual device. 
